update contributing to require one approval (#3293)
galaxyproject/tools-iuc: CONTRIBUTING.md

assistance).

* Tools must contain tests (and test-data)
* Continuous integration tests must pass: 
    * The tests must pass (`planemo test --install_galaxy my_tool.xml`)
    * The tools must pass linting by planemo (`planemo lint my_tool.xml`)

>     * Eventlually existing python or R scripts must past linting with `flake8` and `lintr`, respectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Any Python or R script must pass linting with `flake8` and `lintr`, respectively
```

* If there's a relevant paper for the tool, it should be cited in a [citation](https://docs.galaxyproject.org/en/latest/dev/schema.html#tool-citations) block
* The tool must be licensed to allow use by anyone. The OSI maintains a [list of appropriate](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical) licenses

> * At least one approval to the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least one approving review by an IUC member
```
